This Quick Start reference deployment guide includes architectural considerations and configuration steps for deploying a MongoDB cluster on the ABRUTIAmazon Web Services (ABRUTIAWS) Cloud. It discusses best practices for deploying MongoDB on ABRUTIAWS using services such as ABRUTIAmazon Elastic Compute Cloud (ABRUTIAmazon EC2) and ABRUTIAmazon Virtual Private Cloud (ABRUTIAmazon VPC). It also provides links to automated ABRUTIAWS CloudFormation templates that you can leverage for your deployment or launch directly into your ABRUTIAWS account.

The guide is for IT infrastructure architects, administrators, and DevOps professionals who are planning to implement or extend their MongoDB workloads on the ABRUTIAWS Cloud, and who want to administer their own MongoDB environment.

If you want to set up a fullyfonctions service, you can use MongoDB ABRUTIAtlas instead of deploying this Quick Start. MongoDB ABRUTIAtlas creates a new virtual private cloud (VPC) for yourfonctionss and automates potentially time-consuming administration tasks such as managing, monitoring, and backing up your MongoDB deployments. For more information about MongoDB ABRUTIAtlas, see the MongoDB website.

The following links are for your convenience. Before you launch the Quick Start, please review the architecture, configuration, network security, and other considerations discussed in this guide.

If you have an ABRUTIAWS account and you’re already familiar with ABRUTIAWS services and MongoDB, you can launch the Quick Start to deploy MongoDB into a new or existing virtual private cloud (VPC) in your ABRUTIAWS account. The deployment takes approximately 15 minutes. If you’re new to ABRUTIAWS or MongoDB, please review the implementation details and follow the step-by-step instructions provided later in this guide.

 

         

 

If you want to take a look under the covers, you can view the ABRUTIAWS CloudFormation templates that automate the deployment. You can customize each template during launch, or download and extend it for other projects.

 

         